Writer Jiang said that you can't tell others casually
Is he hurting you?
Don't you say it again
You will die without a burial place
Master Zhuang only has one chance
You only need the last nail in your coffin
Don't tell us
Can only be doomed
Hey, hey, two, two
You have to help me
I can't die.
If I die
My youngest son
You become an orphan
Then don't hide it
Tell us now
OK.
I'll tell you all about it.
Tell you all
Yeah.
Can't say
Don't force me
You don't change
Do you think we are spoiling you?
Master Zhou
It was Jiang Xiaomi who asked you to leave your legacy
Like hanging on the wall
He said it was for exorcism
Wait until my chive coffin nails are complete
Another 3.
Evil thing
They think I'm a dead man
It won't bother me anymore.
Call him.
Want the last fast food restaurant
Give him out
Hello
Has Jiang writer found anything?
Zhou, what's wrong with you?
I'll let you know when I find it.
Is there someone by your side?
Lao Zhou, you can't talk nonsense
Otherwise, the gods can't help you.
How could it be?
Look at me every day
I'm really uncomfortable
I just want you to help me take a look
And there is
I have a friend here.
He thought, hey, the gun is fake.
long-awaited name
That
Is there anyone who can make a woman die?
Yes, money is not a problem
I'll send you the address.